<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<?xml-stylesheet type="text/css" href="bindus_2-14_htmlcss.css"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Briana's First Webpage</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="bindus_2-14_htmlcss.css"/>
    </head>
    <body>
            <h1>About Me...</h1>
        <p>My name is Briana Bindus and I am a sophomore here at Pitt! I major in English Literature and Communications, with a certificate in Public &amp; Professional Writing. Some things I do on and off campus include:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Staff Writer for The Pitt News</li>
            <li>Associate Editor for The Fifth Floor (Pitt's English department newsletter)</li>
            <li>Undergraduate Teaching Assistant for Women &amp; Literature (this is my fav!)</li>
            <li>Brother in Phi Sigma Pi</li>
            <li>Member of Sigma Tau Delta</li>
            <li>Server at Olive Garden</li>
        </ul>
        <p>Clearly, I like to keep myself busy... but on my free time, I do a lot of stuff! I enjoy:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Watching anime- my favorite shows are Hunter x Hunter, Jujutsu Kaisen and, of course, Attack on Titan</li>
            <li>I love to do pottery and crochet! I'm not the best artist, but it's fun to do :)</li>
            <li>Read. All the time. That's the English major in me!</li>
            <li>Drink tea- I have a teacup tattooed on my arm!</li>
            <li>Hangout and frolic with friends</li>
            <li>Lay and do nothing (for once)!</li>
        </ul>
        <h2>My favorite things!</h2>
        <p>Here we go, let's learn all about Briana today! (These are not listed in order of favorites. Just know I can't rank them because they're all so loved)</p>
        <ul>
            <li>My dog, Max</li>
            <li>My parents</li>
            <li>Boygenius</li>
            <li>Flowers, nature, greenery</li>
            <li>Laughing and giggling with people I love</li>
            <li>Literary theory, don't judge</li>
            <li>Candles</li>
            <li>Cute fashion</li>
            <!-- This is me when I'm running out of things to say about myself but I just want to make sure my HTML website code is long enough :) -->
        </ul>
    </body>
</html>